SUMO-248960 | We got to know that when collecting metrics via mongos … (#4688)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/databases/opentelemetry/mongodb-opentelemetry.md

### For metrics collection

> The MongoDB receiver fetches stats from a MongoDB instance using the [golang mongo driver](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-go-driver). Stats are collected via MongoDB's `dbStats` `serverStatus` and `top` commands. The MongoDB receiver extracts values from the result and converts them to OpenTelemetry metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MongoDB receiver fetches stats from a MongoDB instance using the [golang mongo driver](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-go-driver). Stats are collected via MongoDB's `dbStats`, `serverStatus`, and `top` commands. The MongoDB receiver extracts values from the result and converts them to OpenTelemetry metrics.
```

Below are the inputs required:

- **`Endpoint (no default)`**. The hostname and port of the MognoDB instance, separated by a colon. This is required to scrap metrics. (For example: `localhost:27017`.)
  :::note

>    To collect metrics, *only* use `mongod` endpoint. Sumo Logic OpenTelemetry collector do not support `mongos` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For collecting metrics, *only* use the `mongod` endpoint. The Sumo Logic OpenTelemetry collector *does not* support the `mongos` endpoint.
```

> For collecting metrics, *only* use the `mongod` endpoint. The Sumo Logic OpenTelemetry collector *does not* support the `mongos` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For collecting metrics, *only* use the `mongod` endpoint. The Sumo Logic OpenTelemetry collector *does not* support the `mongos` endpoint.
```
